:Feline Warfare Sketches

Locations: 

1. Alleyway (Find items in dumpster: chicken pate cat treats, cat treats, small mutant chinchilla pelt, toasty jacket; bogus item: cat litter granules)

2. Crumbling bomb shelter (Location: WAR ROOM:laser pointer)

3. Rusting spacecraft (Sick Bay: health points, Solarium: bogus item: broken laptop, COmmand Center: cat treats)

4. Abandoned Chinchilla Mart (TM) Convienience Store: Public Information Kiosk that has info on laser cats' origins, recipe for gluten-free pate treats, news clips from the apocalypse

5. Soylent Refinery (health points--Soylent)

CAT TREATS: Liver Pate, Chicken Pate, Kale (enrages laser cat) 
SOYLENT: Yellow, Red, Green

KIOSK OPTIONS: 

NEWS CLIPS:
	1. <Xelebrity News, March 20, 3011, 20:15> Rock star research scientist Kifteq VC25 announces the release of new cerebral nanobot technology enabling direct frontal forebrain/G-wave interface---5th Season of Quantum Scandal initial screening attended by Chinese Royal Family---Nanodrop chanteuse/-teur Rit Kaylor CB99 elects to have second clone---Zero-G talking wombat wins hearts, minds of the nation's remaining children </Xelebrity News>
	2. <INFOASSAULT, July 1, 3011, 04:00> Reunited [A]'Merican Defense Intelligence Cooperative (RADIC) reports what could be a rare spacetime disturbance near Sirius; RADIC executives are calling for New Greenlandic Observatory corroberation.  Chief diplomatic commander Ptier WX39 (GlaxoSmithKleine-Samsung) may initiate exploratory probe. </INFOASSAULT>
	3. <RADIC EMERGENCY PUSH, October 17, 3011, 23:45> Clowder of unidentified feline-like life approaching Terra by way of Sirius; until clowder is confirmed not a direct threat, please relocate to subterranian shelters provided by your local corporate federal partner.  Minor charges will be incurred for premium advertising-free shelter experience. Scientists strongly advise refugees to leave any cat treats at home. </RADIC EMERGENCY PUSH>
	4. <UNICORP Global Push, November 1, 3011, 12:00> Please enter your language or corperate nomenclature code for non-standard English.  Clowder positively identified as Lasercat threat and confirmed by all major corporate and government intelligences.  Remain in your shelters and do not leave for any reason.  RADIC, UNIC, EURASIA, and ANTARC forces are currently attempting to contain all Lasercats for further research and experimentation. DO NOT open any food rations (dehydrated, tablets, modules or threads) containing liver pate or suspected imitation liver pate flavoring. Shelter guests will be advised to leave upon threat neutralization. </UNICORP Global Push>

 Attack NeuTralIzing Multi-Edible Organic Weaponry (ANTIMEOW) for Emergency Urban Survival--For preparation in sealed environments and/or biohaz facilities only!

1. 	Cat Attack Cookies: A nutrious treat for those special occasions.
 
Ingredients
 	1 C	Whole brown rice flour
 	1/4 C	Soy flour
 	3 t	Catnip
 	1	Egg
 	1/3 C	Almond Milk
 	2 T	Wheat germ
 	1/3 C	Almond FLour
 	1 T	Unsulfurated molasses
 	2 T	Olive Oil
	Preheat oven to 350F. Mix dry ingredients together. Add molasses, egg, oil and almond milk. Roll out flat onto oiled cookie sheet and cut into small, cat bite-sized pieces. Bake for 20 minutes. Let cool and store in tightly sealed container. 

Your lil furbaby will just adores these. Remember though....it's just a treat, not a meal!

2. Kitty Heaven Sardine Suprise: A toothsome delicacy for good kitties

Ingredients
 	2	Tins of sardines in oil (do not drain)
 	2/3 C	Cooked brown rice
 	1 T	Pureed liver (or canned liver cat food)
 	1/4 C	Chopped parsley
Directions
	Combine all ingredients and mix well. Shape into balls of desired size or simply spoon into cat's dish and serve. These treats may be stored in the refrigerator for up to three days, and may also be frozen.

CHAR STATS:

10 Health Points


CAT STATS:

2-15 Health Points

COLORS: Calico, Black, Fluffy White, Purple, Neon Leopard

NAMES: Mr. Whiskas, Peaches, Admiral Fluff-Muffin, Dr. Meow, Spicy Bob

CLASS: KITTEN, JUNIOR CADET, 
